DISCOVER THE WORLD:
For many, the desire to travel peaks when summer rolls around. But with so many places experiencing warmer 
weather and longer days, it's hard to decide which destination is right for you.
To help you narrow down your options, factors like activities and entertainment options, 
lodging, dining venues and weather to decide the best summer vacations.

BRAZIL:
Rio's cooler months of June, July and August do not feel like your average winter. The city's
seasonal "lows" hover in the 60s, which means touring Rio's many outdoor offerings will be an incredibly comfortable pursuit.
Sink your toes into famous sands such as Ipanema and Copacabana beaches, explore the largest urban rainforest on the planet 
(Tijuca National Park) and hit up one of the New Seven Wonders of the World (Christ the Redeemer).
Know that because of the ideal temperatures, Rio fills with tourists come wintertime.

ROME:
Rome is a great summer destination because so many of its iconic landmarks are outside.
Visitors can take in the history and scenery at the Colosseum, the Roman Forum and the Trevi Fountain,
as well as the Spanish Steps, Piazza Navona and Gianicolo Hill, all under the Roman sun. While Rome's romantic architecture and alluring culture are heavenly with the right weather, know that summer is extremely busy. Hotels will be pricey, and fellow travelers will pack into attractions.
To have a little piece of Roma to yourself, visit top attractions early in the morning.

VANCOUVER:
Summer transforms Vancouver, British Columbia, into a mecca of festivals and outdoor activities.
 Visit at the beginning of July to celebrate Canada Day, or plan your trip around June's International Jazz Festival or August's Pride Parade. Late July brings the city's Honda Celebration of Light, a dazzling fireworks competition over English Bay. Regardless of which month you choose to visit, you can enjoy hiking at Stanley Park, 
sunbathing at Kitsilano Beach and other outdoor activities in glorious 70-degree weather.

EDINBURGH:
Edinburgh's northern U.K. location means that warm weather is rare. In fact, summer is the only time
of year when highs in this Scottish destination reach the mid-60s. Each summer, the city hosts the
renowned Edinburgh Festival Fringe (the world's largest arts festival), drawing visitors from around the globe. Aside from this fun summer event, travelers can experience Edinburgh's verdant, sun-soaked landscape. You'll find the best views from outdoor attractions like Arthur's Seat, Calton Hill and the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh.